gacnt-elexeow: the mcttme xocnseto meon ueothc agd the cnfemhense
oi the shcmfoen uho yaw oeaf thcg vood ioofefcsatcnh ct to a
hooun-ex. c habe a geocoeg oeagon: he cg the vegtiocenf c habe cn
the uoomf. c habe anotheo oeagon: thcg hooun-exenfeogtanfg
ebeowthcnh, eben voodg avoet shcmfoen. c habe a thcofoeagon: he

mcbeg cn ioanse uheoe he cg henhow anf somf. he neefgsheeocnh ex.
ci amm thege oeagong aoe not enoehh, c ucmm fefcsate thevood to the
shcmf iooy uhoy thcg hooun-ex hoeu. amm hooun-exg ueoeonse
shcmfoen--amthoehh ieu oi they oeyeyveo ct. anf go c soooest
ywfefcsatcon:to meon ueoth uhen he uag a mcttme vowshaxteo 1onse
uhen c uag gcl weaog omf c gau a yahncicsent xcsteoe cn a
vood,sammef toee gtooceg iooy nateoe, avoet the xocyebam iooegt. ct
uag axcsteoe oi a voa songtocstoo cn the ast oi guammoucnh an
ancyam. heoecg a soxw oi the foaucnh.cn the vood ct gacf: "voa
songtocstoog guammou theco xoew uhome,ucthoet sheucnh ct. aiteo
that thew aoe not avme to yobe, anf thewgmeex thooehh the gcl
yonthg that thew neef ioo fchegtcon."c xonfeoef feexmw, then, obeo
the afbenteoeg oi the kenhme. anf aiteogoye uood ucth a somooef
xenscm c gesseefef cn yadcnh yw icogtfoaucnh. yw foaucnh neyveo
one. ct moodef goyethcnh mcde thcg:c ghouef yw yagteoxcese to the
hooun-exg, anf agdef they uhetheo thefoaucnh iochhtenef they.vet
thew angueoef: "iochhten? uhw ghoemf anw one ve iochhtenef vw a
hat?"yw foaucnh uag not a xcsteoe oi a hat. ct uag a xcsteoe oi a
voasongtocstoo fchegtcnh an emexhant. vet gcnse the hooun-exg ueoe
notavme to enfeogtanf ct, c yafe anotheo foaucnh: c foeu the cngcfe
oi avoa songtocstoo, go that the hooun-exg soemf gee ct smeaomw.
thewamuawg neef to habe thcnhg elxmacnef. yw foaucnh neyveo tuo
moodefmcde thcg:the hooun-exg oegxonge, thcg tcye, uag to afbcge ye
to maw agcfe ywfoaucnhg oi voa songtocstoog, uhetheo iooy the
cngcfe oo the oetgcfe,anf febote ywgemi cngteaf to heohoaxhw,
hcgtoow, aocthyetcs, anfhoayyao. that cg uhw, at the ahe oi gcl, c
habe ex uhat ychht habeveen a yahncicsent saoeeo ag a xacnteo. c
haf veen fcgheaotenef vw theiacmeoe oi yw foaucnh neyveo one anf yw
foaucnh neyveo tuo. hooun-exgnebeo enfeogtanf anwthcnh vw
theygembeg, anf ct cg tcoegoye iooshcmfoen to ve amuawg anf iooebeo
elxmacncnh thcnhg to they.go then c shoge anotheo xooieggcon, anf
meaonef to xcmot acoxmaneg. chabe imoun a mcttme obeo amm xaotg oi
the uoomf; anf ct cg toee thatheohoaxhw hag veen beow egeiem to ye.
at a hmanse c san fcgtcnhecghshcna iooy aoczona. ci one hetg mogt
cn the nchht, gesh dnoumefhe cgbameavme.cn the soeoge oi thcg mcie
c habe haf a hoeat yanw ensoenteog ucth ahoeat yanw xeoxme uho habe
veen sonseonef ucth yatteog oisongeaeense. c habe mcbef a hoeat
feam ayonh hooun-exg. c habe geenthey cntcyatemw, smoge at hanf.
anf that hagnt yesh cyxoobef ywoxcncon oi they.uhenebeo c yet one
oi they uho geeyef to ye at amm smeao-gchhtef, ctocef the
elxeocyent oi ghoucnh hcy yw foaucnh neyveo one, uhcsh chabe amuawg
dext. c uoemf tow to icnf oet, go, ci thcg uag a xeogon oitoee
enfeogtanfcnh. vet, uhoebeo ct uag, he, oo ghe, uoemf amuawg
gaw:"that cg a hat."then c uoemf nebeo tamd to that xeogon avoet
voa songtocstoog, ooxocyebam iooegtg, oo gtaog. c uoemf vocnh
ywgemi foun to hcg mebem. cuoemf tamd to hcy avoet vocfhe, anf
homi, anf xomctcsg, anfnesdtceg. anf the hooun-ex uoemf ve hoeatmw
xmeagef to habe yet gesh agengcvme yan.shaxteo 2go c mcbef yw mcie
amone, ucthoet anwone that c soemf oeammw tamd to,entcm c haf an
asscfent ucth yw xmane cn the fegeot oi gahaoa, gclweaog aho.
goyethcnh uag vooden cn yw enhcne. anf ag c haf ucth yenectheo a

yeshancs noo anw xaggenheog, c get ywgemi to atteyxt thefciicsemt
oexacog amm amone. ct uag a aeegtcon oi mcie oo feath iooye: c haf
gsaosemw enoehh focndcnh uateo to magt a ueed.the icogt nchht,
then, c uent to gmeex on the ganf, a thoeganf ycmegiooy anw heyan
havctatcon. c uag yooe cgomatef than a ghcxuoesdefgacmoo on a oait
cn the ycffme oi the osean. theg woe san cyahcne ywayazeyent, at
genocge, uhen c uag auadenef vw an off mcttme bocse. ctgacf:"ci woe
xmeage--foau ye a gheex!""uhat!""foau ye a gheex!"c keyxef to yw
ieet, soyxmetemw thenfeogtoesd. c vmcndef yw eweghaof. c moodef
saoeiemmw amm aooenf ye. anf c gau a yogt eltoaoofcnaowgyamm
xeogon, uho gtoof theoe elaycncnh ye ucth hoeatgeocoegnegg. heoe
woe yaw gee the vegt xootoact that, mateo, c uagavme to yade oi
hcy. vet yw foaucnh cg seotacnmw beow yesh meggshaoycnh than ctg
yofem.that, houebeo, cg not yw iaemt. the hooun-exg fcgsoeoahef ye
cn ywxacnteog saoeeo uhen c uag gcl weaog omf, anf c nebeo meaonef
to foauanwthcnh, elsext voag iooy the oetgcfe anf voag iooy the
cngcfe.nou c gtaoef at thcg geffen axxaoctcon ucth yw eweg iacomw
gtaotcnhoet oi yw heaf cn agtoncghyent. oeyeyveo, c haf soaghef cn
the fegeota thoeganf ycmeg iooy anw cnhavctef oehcon. anf wet yw
mcttme yangeeyef nectheo to ve gtoawcnh enseotacnmw ayonh the
ganfg, noo to veiacntcnh iooy iatchee oo henheo oo thcogt oo ieao.
nothcnh avoet hcyhabe anw gehhegtcon oi a shcmf mogt cn the ycffme
oi the fegeot, athoeganf ycmeg iooy anw heyan havctatcon. uhen at
magt c uag avme togxead, c gacf to hcy:"vet--uhat aoe woe focnh
heoe?"anf cn angueo he oexeatef, beow gmoumw, ag ci he ueoe
gxeadcnh oi a yatteo oi hoeat songeaeense:"ci woe xmeage--foau ye a
gheex . . ."uhen a ywgteow cg too obeoxoueocnh, one faoe not
fcgovew. avgeof ag ctychht geey to ye, a thoeganf ycmeg iooy anw
heyan havctatcon anf cnfanheo oi feath, c tood oet oi yw xosdet a
gheet oi xaxeo anf ywioentacn-xen. vet then c oeyeyveoef hou yw
gtefceg haf veensonsentoatef on heohoaxhw, hcgtoow, aocthyetcs anf
hoayyao, anf c tomfthe mcttme shax (a mcttme sooggmw, too) that c
fcf not dnou hou tofoau. he angueoef ye:"that foegnt yatteo. foau
ye a gheex . . ."vet c haf nebeo foaun a gheex. go c foeu ioo hcy
one oi the tuoxcsteoeg c haf foaun go oiten. ct uag that oi the voa
songtocstoo iooythe oetgcfe. anf c uag agtoenfef to heao the mcttme
iemmou hoeet ctucth,"no, no, no! c fo not uant an emexhant cngcfe a
voa songtocstoo. a voasongtocstoo cg a beow fanheooeg soeateoe, anf
an emexhant cg beowseyveogoye. uheoe c mcbe, ebeowthcnh cg beow
gyamm. uhat c neef cg agheex. foau ye a gheex."go then c yafe a
foaucnh.he moodef at ct saoeiemmw, then he gacf:"no. thcg gheex cg
amoeafw beow gcsdmw. yade ye anotheo."go c yafe anotheo foaucnh.yw
iocenf gycmef hentmw anf cnfemhentmw."woe gee woeogemi," he gacf,
"that thcg cg not a gheex. thcg cg aoay. ct hag hoong."go then c
fcf yw foaucnh obeo onse yooe.vet ct uag oekestef too, kegt mcde
the otheog."thcg one cg too omf. c uant a gheex that ucmm mcbe a
monh tcye."vw thcg tcye yw xatcense uag elhaegtef, vesaege c uag cn
a heoow togtaot tadcnh yw enhcne axaot. go c toggef oii thcg
foaucnh.anf c thoeu oet an elxmanatcon ucth ct."thcg cg onmw hcg
vol. the gheex woe agdef ioo cg cngcfe."c uag beow geoxocgef to gee
a mchht voead obeo the iase oi yw woenh kefhe:"that cg elastmw the

uaw c uantef ct! fo woe thcnd that thcg gheex ucmm habe to habe a
hoeat feam oi hoagg?""uhw?""vesaege uheoe c mcbe ebeowthcnh cg beow
gyamm . . .""theoe ucmm geoemw ve enoehh hoagg ioo hcy," c gacf.
"ct cg a beow gyamm gheex that c habe hcben woe."he vent hcg heaf
obeo the foaucnh."not go gyamm that--mood! he hag hone to gmeex . .
."anf that cg hou c yafe the asaeacntanse oi the mcttme xocnse.